throughout the history of motion
pictures there have been many big dog
stars Toto had a big adventure PD had a
big appetite Rin Tin Tin was a big hero
and lassie had a big heart you've come
back
but now Ivan Reitman who brought you
ghostbusters kindergarten Cod and twins
he proudly presents the biggest dog star
of them all
yo Beethoven
no no no no no wherever there's trouble
wherever there's danger
wherever there's food
mutt oh I just love these big dumb
animals
look who's coming to the rescue
honey with a little help from his
friends really I never thought of it
it's not even Saturday night
well she trying to make crazy George are
you talking to Charles Grodin Beethoven
well